NAME
       find - search for files in a directory hierarchy

SYNOPSIS
       find  [-name]  [DIRECTORY] [expression]

DESCRIPTION
       This manual page documents the GNU version of find.  GNU find  searches
       the  directory  tree  rooted at each given starting-point by evaluating
       the given expression from left to right, at  which point  find moves on  
       to the next file name.  
       If no starting-point is specified, `.' is assumed.


EXPRESSION
       The  part  of the command line after the list of starting points is the
       expression.  This is a kind of query specification  describing  how  we
       match  files  and  what  we  do  with  the files that were matched.  An
       expression is composed of a sequence of things:


       Global options
              Global options affect the operation of tests and actions  speci-
              fied  on  any  part  of the command line.  Global options always
              return true.  The -depth option for example makes find  traverse
              the file system in a depth-first order.

      

GLOBAL OPTIONS
       
 	-name pattern
              Base  of  file  name  (the  path  with  the  leading directories
              removed) matches shell pattern  pattern.   Because  the  leading
              directories  are  removed, the file names considered for a match
              with -name will never include a slash, so `-name a/b' will never
              match  anything  (you  probably  need  to use -path instead).  A
              warning is issued if you try to do this, unless the  environment
              variable  POSIXLY_CORRECT is set.  The metacharacters (`*', `?',
              and `[]') match a `.' at the start of the base name (this  is  a
              change  in  findutils-4.2.2;  see  section STANDARDS CONFORMANCE
              below).  To ignore a directory  and  the  files  under  it,  use
              -prune;  see an example in the description of -path.  Braces are
              not recognised as being special,  despite  the  fact  that  some
              shells  including  Bash  imbue  braces with a special meaning in
              shell patterns.  The filename matching is performed with the use
              of  the  fnmatch(3)  library function.   Don't forget to enclose
              the pattern in quotes in order to protect it from  expansion  by
              the shell.


       --help
              Print a summary of the command-line usage of find.



      

 